Date: Mon, 27 Sep 1999 22:19:34 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jennifer Tsoi <jentsoi@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
Reply-To: OCF Staff <staff@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
To: ocf-announce@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: Board of Directors Minutes, 13 September 1999

                OCF Board of Directors Meeting
                        13 September 1999

Board members present:
	Stephen Callahan (calman)
	Eugene Chan (ceugene)
	Devin Jones (jones) (gm)
	Yosen Lin (yosenl)
	Stephen McCamant (smcc)
	Ken Ott (kenao) (gm)
	Susie Tang (suztang6@uclink4)
        Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)
        Jennifer Tsoi (jentsoi)
        
Board members absent:
	Wendy Hwang (wenhwang)
	Susie Kang (skang)
	Luns Tee (tee)

Others present:
	Brian Buchanan (brian@soda)

        
The meeting was opened at 5:15pm

Agenda:
	I.   Welcome
	II.  Reports
		General Manager
		Site Manger
	III. Staff Hours
	IV.  Budget
	V.   Publicity
	VI.  Advisor
	VII. Web-serving policy

II. Reports

	General Manager

	Devin reports that nothing's really happened since last week.
	The webpage continues to be worked on, and there's a new logo
	on the front page.  Contact gm@ocf if any staff is interested
	in helping out with the webpage or publicity.  The CSUA has 
	some hardware that they can donate to us.  Devin will get 
	more concrete details next time.
	Ken reports that a DailyCal writer asked for information
	about the OCF and that we may soon appear in a DailyCal article.
	Regarding the Ultra10 donations, we should know something by
	the end of the month.
	
	Site Manager
	
	Kat reports that Luns brought up the new disks on death, and
	so quotas were increased accordingly.  New quota allocation
	(as approved last week):
		 8MB home
		 8MB web
		10MB mail
	
III. Staff Hours

	Devin encouraged all staff to hold at least 1 hour of staff
	hours to accommodate all the users that may be coming in for
	rereg.  Rereg will hopefully start in the next couple weeks.
	Tabling on Sproul was extremely successful for us last Wednesday,
	(we passed out flyers and got about 40 new user signups from
	the table).  Thus, we should continue to do so, at least 1 day 
	a week.  Staff who would like to hold staff hours and/or table 
	can contact Kat or Ken.  There was also talk about possibly
	tabling at other areas, such as Northgate, Wurster, etc.
		        
IV. Budget

	We discussed possible ideas for this year's purchases.  We
	have about $13,000 available to spend.
	High priority items:
	    Printers (HP LaserJet?)		$2,500
	    New Disks + Boxes (more quota!)	$5,000
	    Publicity (flyers, t-shirts, etc)	$2,000
	    Security (lock-down kits, etc)	$1,000
	    Scanner/CDR (we already have these!)    $0
	We'd have about $2,500 left.  Purchasing ideas which were 
	tossed out:
	    PCs/Macs/other cool projects
	    neon sign (if/when we get a 24 hour lab space)
	    big umbrella (for tabling)
	    web-cam(s)
	    digital camera(s)

V. Publicity

	Ken is looking into the possibility of purchasing a large
	vinyl banner, the kind you see hanging from the balcony of
	the student union.  Ken also asked for help in making and
	distributing flyers.  He mentioned the reshalls and campus
	buildings as places to distribute.

VI. Advisor

	Kat went to speak with Brian Harvey, who agreed to be our
	faculty advisor.

VII. Web-serving policy

	Brian Buchanan from the group 2MarsBy2012 requested that the
	OCF colocate their server according to our colocation
	policy.  He provided written answers to the questions listed
	on our policy, and Devin read them aloud.  The Board asked
	a few follow-up questions, and then passed his colocation 
	request 6-0-0.  (see below for Brian's written answers)

	The web-serving policy discussion was tabled for the next
	BoD meeting.  Due to a scheduling conflict, the next meeting 
	will take place on Wednesday (instead of Monday), 
	September 22, 1999 at 5pm.  Location TBA.  We will also
	decide on the permanent day of the week to meet.

The meeting was closed at 6:15pm.


-----------------------------------
OCF Colocation Application

Brian Buchanan (representing the "To Mars By 2012" club)
(510) 664-2171
brian@soda.berkeley.edu

1) What is your university affiliation?

I am an undergraduate student.

2) What is the server used for?

The server's primary purpose is to serve as an information repository for
the Mars By 2012 club.  The server serves static and dynamic web content,
hosts the database backend, and serves as a software development machine.

Additionally, the server hosts the CVS repositories, web pages, and FTP
archives for a few open source projects (some are related to the Mars By
2012 club, and others are not).

The server also hosts a text-based Star Trek role-playing MUD.

Specifically, the machine provides the following services:
 Anonymous FTP
 SSH
 SMTP, with relaying restricted to localhost
 HTTP/HTTPS
 HoloTrek, the aforementioned MUD.

Network traffic is expected to be very light on average.

3) What is your reason for the request?

As the Mars By 2012 club is not currently associated with any campus
department.  The CSUA is unable to host our machine, and the EECS
department
is unwilling.  Our current hosting is split between a graduate student's
office computerm, from which we will soon be evicted, and the server this
request concerns, which is currently hosted on my residence hall network
connection.

4) How long will the OCF need to host the server?

Until the Mars By 2012 club finds a sponsoring department, or at the
latest,
May of 2002.

5) What resources does the server require (power, network, personal
access,
etc.)?

One 110V electrical connection and one 10bT network connection are
required.
Personal access to the server will be required at infrequent intervals to
perform upgrades or repairs as necessary.

6) What extra tasks will the OCF staff need to perform to maintain the
server (backups, rebooting, etc.)?

Other than rebooting the server in the event of catastrophic software
failure (which has never happened), no extra tasks are required of the OCF
staff.

7) How does the server benefit the OCF?

The OCF gets that warm fuzzy feeling that comes from helping out a fellow
student group.  The OCF also gets my eternal gratitude and an offer of
volunteer consulting services should the OCF need a favor.

8) How does the server benefit the general campus community?

The server benefits the members of the Mars By 2012 club by providing a
central clearinghouse for information on club projects and other
activities. 
The general campus community benefits from the recognition we get from our
research and design projects.

-- 
Brian Buchanan                                     brian@CSUA.Berkeley.EDU
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
FreeBSD - The Power to Serve!                       http://www.freebsd.org

